adding scripts for PHYSOR MA paper (#44)
neams-th-coe/cardinal_amr: publications/PHYSOR_MA_2026/README.md

This directory holds all the necessary input and post-processing scripts to reprouce the results of this paper: 

Ebny Walid Ahammed et al., "Development of Mesh Tally Amalgamation Algorithm for Coupled High Fidelity Multiphysics Simulation", in Proceedings of PHYSOR 2026, Turin, Italy.

> # setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Setup:
```

> Parts of mesh tally amalgamation algorithm source code are still in the review process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parts of the mesh tally amalgamation algorithm source code are still in the review process. 
```

> 1. Clone cardinal from a [branch](https://github.com/magnoxemo/cardinal/tree/my_testing) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone Cardinal from [this branch](https://github.com/magnoxemo/cardinal/tree/my_testing) 
```

> 2. Goto the cardinal dir and get dependencies by runing ``./scripts/get-dependencies.sh``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter the new Cardinal directory and get dependencies by running `./scripts/get-dependencies.sh`
```

> 3. Change openmc submodule upstream to this branch [mesh_tally_amalgamation](https://github.com/magnoxemo/openmc/tree/mesh_tally_amalgamation), fetch it and check out that branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Change the OpenMC submodule upstream to the following remote [https://github.com/magnoxemo/openmc.git](https://github.com/magnoxemo/openmc.git). Then, check out the `mesh_tally_amalgamation` branch.
```

> Rest fo the build process same as in the [cardinal](https://cardinal.cels.anl.gov/without_conda.html) website. Also, To save you the trouble, use this [Dockerfile](https://github.com/magnoxemo/custom_scripts/blob/main/cardinal_stuff/Dockerfile). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remainder of the build process is the same as a normal Cardinal installation. Those instructions can be found [here](https://cardinal.cels.anl.gov/without_conda.html). Alternatively, you can use this [Dockerfile](https://github.com/magnoxemo/custom_scripts/blob/main/cardinal_stuff/Dockerfile). 
```

> # Actual simulation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Generating the results from the paper:
```

> 1. Generate the model.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate the `model.xml` file by running `models/make_openmc_model.py`
```

> 2. `~/cardinal-opt -i openmc.i Adaptivity/Indicators/error/variable=flux Adaptivity/Markers/rel_error/variable=flux_rel_error`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `cardinal-opt -i openmc.i` (assuming there is a valid Cardinal executable on your path). If using the suggested Dockerfile, run `~/cardinal-opt -i openmc.i`
```

Only accept this if you accepted my suggestion involving the parameter overrides in the AMR strategies file.

> 3. (Optional) for postprocessing use the `post_processing/post_processing.py` or you can look at this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) For post-processing you can use `post_processing/post_processing.py` or [this Jupyter notebook](https://github.com/magnoxemo/amr_test_cases_input_files/blob/main/PHYSOR26/notebook.ipynb)
```

> notebook [post_processing_notebook](https://github.com/magnoxemo/amr_test_cases_input_files/blob/main/PHYSOR26/notebook.ipynb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
